Hmm...
It’s now today~
Wah!
That's right!
Just like before...
We'll enter the Random Word Generator
And we will travel around the world!
Just kidding~
Let's go to America's Statue of Liberty today...
I'm counting on you, Random Word Generator!
Here we go
*Ai magic noises*
Oh!
Huh?
This place... Huh?
What is this place!?
It doesn't look like America, right?
Ah!
The Random Word Generator!
*Random Word Generator: Kizuna Ai, hear me. You have given me a time shock today*
*Random Word Generator: This time you have to answer a 10 question quiz within a time limit of 1 minute*
*Random Word Generator: If you answer all of them correctly, I will allow you to return to the previous world*
*Random Word Generator: HOWEVER!*
*Random Word Generator: If you get even 1 answer wrong...*
*Random Word Generator: You can not return to that world for the rest of your life!
Eh? What does this mean?
Is it the rebellion...?
...Of the Random Word Generator?
*If that’s the case, I’ll start*
*Kizuna Ai’s question contest*
Time Shock!
(Name of a famous japanese program about question contests)
Ready, start!
Kizuna Ai!
*Question 1: What is your name?*
*Question 2: What language is "I love you" written in?*
English!
*Question 3: What’s spoken in Spain?*
Um... um... Spanish!
*Question 4: What’s the typical Korean food that’s spicy and has a red color?*
"That’s spicy and has a red color..."
Kimchi!
*Question 4: What’s the typical Korean food that’s spicy and has a red color?*
*Question 5: Food from Chinese origin consistent of a wrap of meat or vegetables that can be cooked roasted, steamed, or boiled*
Well...
Gyoza!
*Question 5: Food from Chinese origin consistent of a wrap of meat or vegetables that can be cooked roasted, steamed, or boiled*
*Question 6: What’s your occupation?*
Virtual Youtuber
*Question 7: What’s the highest mountain in Japan?*
Mount Fuji!
*Question 7: What's the highest mountain in Japan?*
*Question 8: 2 + 5 = ?*
7!
*Question 9: What is your favorite anime?*
Well... "Nagi no Asukara"!
*Congratulations for answering all questions correctly until now*
*Well, can you answer the last question correctly… ?*
*Question 10: Considering that n is an integer greater than 2. And there are points from 0 to n above the surface of the plane...*
Eh? What is this?
Considering that n is an integer greater than 2...
*Which meet the following two conditions (See formulas above)*
Well... n... um...
*Calculate the limit of n tending to infinity of 5n*
If they’re all integers, then...
Integers higher than 2...
The n is… well...
2... well...
*TIME UP!*
Now I can’t return!
Ah!
Ah
Eh?
Ah!
Was it a dream?
Translated by: Bararo, Vortex and Lacrymac